README.md, before:

# Giphy React Native Demo

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your
local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on
how to deploy the project on a live system.

For this project, we will be using yarn -- to handle npm package. Due to the
stringent security concerns, each package added to the project needs to be
approved by the development team

### Prerequisites

- Yarn
- XCode
- Android Studio
- Giphy Developer Account for API Access - [Giphy API](https://developers.giphy.com/)

## Getting started

### Installation

Just run Yarn to install the project dependencies.

`yarn`

### Device Development

You'll need to have XCode and Android Studio installed to get test devices up
and running.

`yarn start`

and then build from within ios or android studio.

### Linting & Formatting

We're using prettier and ESlint to manage our linting and formatting.

## Dependenices

- React
- React Native
- Redux
- Redux Sagas
- React Redux
- React Navigation
- react native extended stylsheet
- react native animatable

Commit message:

Docs: Update readme with project requirements

README.md, after:

# Giphy React Native Demo

Integrate Giphy into your React Native project with the below features.

## Features

- [ ] Use the [Giphy Api](https://github.com/Giphy/GiphyAPI) for search.

- [ ] Search Giphy API as you type and display list of results

- [ ] Implement Interface animations using [React Native Animated API](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/animations) or [React Native Animatable library](https://github.com/oblador/react-native-animatable).

- [ ] Implement route and view for a single Giphy using [React Navigation](https://github.com/react-navigation/react-navigation)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your
local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on
how to deploy the project on a live system.

For this project, we will be using yarn -- to handle npm package. Due to the
stringent security concerns, each package added to the project needs to be
approved by the development team

### Prerequisites

- Yarn
- XCode
- Android Studio
- Giphy Developer Account for API Access - [Giphy API](https://developers.giphy.com/)

## Getting started

### Installation

Just run Yarn to install the project dependencies.

`yarn`

### Device Development

You'll need to have XCode and Android Studio installed to get test devices up
and running.

`yarn start`

and then build from within ios or android studio.

### Linting & Formatting

We're using prettier and ESlint to manage our linting and formatting.

## Dependenices

- React
- React Native
- Redux
- Redux Sagas
- React Redux
- React Navigation
- react native extended stylsheet
- react native animatable
